## Estimation

 * I think it will take 1-2 hours to implement this new feature. I will need to familiarize myself with the code again and afterwards, change the existing screen setup to incorporate this new feature. The files that will need to be changed are TurtleIDView, DemoWSpace, and potentially DisplayModel or TurtleModel depending on which is responsible for changing or invoking methods to switch the front end representation of turtle models. TurtleIDView will definitely need to be changed since this is the view with the turtle information displayed and this class already has the information stored in it. DemoWSpace might need to pass in extra information to TurtleIDView since it instantiates it, which could be a good indicator about the quality of our design and the need for refactoring.

## Review
 * It took several hours to implement this feature, around 4 or 5 hours in fact. I struggled because the front end design is lacking in code consistency and has several dependencies. For example, only certain views can be instantiated after the DemoWSpace has created the modelMap and the parser. Although these order of method dependencies are legitimate in some circumstances, they make the overall design of this project weaker and would have definitely have to be changed in order to continue building upon this project.
 
 * I ended up changing the files I predicted, although I did not touch the DisplayModel or TurtleModel classes because the back end became too dense for me to understand where the code would have to be changed. The synchronized turtle information was causing null pointer exception and the way the interfaces were set up restricted what I had to access to in the front end. I had a rough implementation working on the first try, but like I mentioned earlier, it would only update after a command had been parsed. Therefore, I moved the modelMap into the the view (by allowing the view to access it from the DemoWSpace class), which enabled the turtle's images to be updated dynamically. In addition, I changed features because that's where the GUI factory refreshes the view representation of the possible images for the turtles, which subsequently required updating resource bundles' properties files and constants classes. 

## Analysis

 * The project's design was as bad as I remembered in that there was not a clear enough distinction between what controllers interacted with the front end and back end. In order to improve the design, I would make the DemoWSpace split into two classes with more modular responsibilities. One to handle updating the views and one to handle interacting with the back end. In addition, the front end views should share more functionality in parent classes rather than have specific JavaFX features hard coded within each one.
 * If i was not familiar with the code at all, it would have been significantly more complicated. In fact, I think the only context to assist a new coder would be to follow how the pen is updated for each turtle, since this is the closest front end component to a visual turtle representation. I think the transparency of our code is not clear enough to allow for outsiders to get a good grip on our design, which is why the solutions to some issues can be only be derived through passing around more information or hard coding certain changes based on event trees. 